everybody so I'm really really excited
to make this video right now now i'm
showing you a duct-tape pocket locker
well if you really confused where the
duct tape pocket locker is go check out
Allison wallets videos like her channel
because she's the one who I guess you
would say invented this duct tape
creation now I don't like completely
copying from people so i changed it up a
little bit and kind of I guess you say
personalized it to my needs for school
so I literally just finished making it i
just put this velcro on and i came right
in my room to shoot this video now you
open it up with a very large strap you
open it kind of like a bulk watch it a
lot like a book I use the peace sign
tape on both sides and then white
binding I guess you'd call it right and
the binding is quite large I made it two
and a half inches see it right there
they open it and then the first page I
guess you could say I don't really know
what you want to call it but I'm gonna
call it a page you have a spot for your
school ID now I made the spot big enough
for my school ID because it's like
laminated I guess you could say so it's
a little bit taller so it'll fit
perfectly in this pouch I'm not really
pouch but whatever you want to call it
now above the ID you have seven pencil
holders and they only fit petals I made
them for that reason for yeah I made
them only to fit pencils but there's
seven so that i'm going to show you that
three pencils fit one two three four
five six seven now over here and you can
just pull the pencils out they slide
right through now on the side so i let
me just sit down my back hurts you have
a little pouch with some velcro on it
now the reason there's a little pouch is
because at school i don't care if you
don't like flash cards you always have
to have flash cards at school so i made
a flash card holder
now if you don't want to put flash cards
in it or you just don't carry flash
cards you can fold down that little um
flap type thing and you can put like
post-it notes or whatever you want it
okay and at the end of the video like
I'll tell you what things I am changed
from the Allison wallets pocket lockers
so stay tuned so you can actually figure
out what I made different now you turn
to the next page type thing and there's
actually nothing right here but oh I
didn't have it shut wait you have an
easy access pencil pouch which is cool
it doesn't fit pencils it's not tall
enough so that's why I'm a pencil loops
right here but it does fit pens which I
think it's pretty cool so if I had a pen
right here which of course I don't
because I'm never prepared for these
videos i could put a pen in it and then
i made a little spot off to the side
that's not in the ziplock so you can
just hold a pencil for like your agenda
or whatever now i already showed you
that's blank sorry i think my mom and
dad just got home sorry i didn't know
that but i'll be barking during this
video I got a monthly daily planner well
weekly monthly planner and I slide it in
like this two little straps and you just
kind of slide in the planner and I'm
just gonna show you real quick with the
planner looks like this is clear so you
can like put something in this pocket
tells you the planner you could put like
some people's phone numbers in it and
then right here at like shows you each
day and then if you flip to the next
page you have spots where you can write
in my homework or something so I think
that's really cool and on the back it
has picture of a map and it does you
states capitals and time zones and then
it tells you all the holidays right
there yeah this is really cool i really
love this so much but now i'm going
to tell you what is different like what
makes my pocket locker different from
Allison wallets now Allison wallets when
you open it up she only has three little
rings up here so you can fit like a
marker a pen and pencil but mine fit
seven pencils over here this is exactly
the same i took this like all from her
this little thing and this pencil pouch
thing that i made hers was a coin pouch
and it wasn't expandable so that's
different and then the agenda is
completely the same so with all that
said I hope you guys enjoyed this video
please comment rate and subscribe thank
you so much for watching my videos keep
watching them and check out other
previous videos including my video that
tells you that I'm now selling the deep
stuff so thanks for watching bye